preview 30 here and i'm going to show
you guys that trample steam guide
workbench guide spawn work and pinch
guide check out where these parts i'm
getting them from there's normally
there's got four parts total needed for
the trample steam and it's someone low
below us I mean two lows below was so at
the very to spawn you'll find two pieces
where I just found them or my friend
rockfast and I just found them and you
can simply jump go to the edge right
here make sure you don't go too far
because you will fall off the map just
go off slowly right there at the corner
and you'll come down here to the
workbench which is I call it the spawn
workbench guy because it is kind of near
to spawn but yes there's the two pieces
that we found so far now we got a used
elevators to get back up and you can but
you gotta like jump on top of the
elevator not so we're up again this is
at the spawn again there's normally
pieces anywhere around here if they're
not in the same locations there could be
one right there if they're not in the
same locations as we found them on your
in your guys's game be sure to look
anywhere in these little corner areas
but that was another location and here's
the other piece that's the third piece
and then here's the fourth piece right
there so yeah just let you guys know
they could be anywhere around here but
that's what the pieces look like and
just you're guaranteed to find them it's
no problem and then here we are I'm
gonna build it and i'm going to show you
guys how it works and its really beast
it's awesome really helps you to get up
a high places basically on like for
example you jump down and you want to
get back up there you would use this
device the steam it's called the trample
steam i'm not really sure why how they
came up with that name that's what it
looks like it charges up and what you
want to do look like you see you can't
normally jump up that right so now you
put down your trample steam then you can
jump on it jump on it jump on it but ok
that was just random but here we are
yeah and more guides videos coming out
you guys and yeah today actually I'm
gonna have the sliquifier and all that
who's who perk yeah catch you guys later
peace out